dear Ms Frank I have been trying to contact ms Smith to ask her some follow up questions about the operation
of the vault but I have been unable to get hold of her and I am hoping you maybe able to help here mail
is set to an out of office reply and she has apparently taken a few days leave no one at the bank seems
to know where she has gone and there was no answer when I tried to visit her at home her mobile is also
apparently offline but I appreciate that the signal around culpeper can be very poor so that is perhaps
not significant if you have any idea where she might be then please do let me know if not then perhaps
you can answer some questions for me the vault register tells me the dates on which each box is accessed
and visitors sign in and out but no times are given is there areas on for that how long do clients typically
spend in the vault and are they usually left alone the deposit boxes within the vault are each locked
with their own key and I understand that the keys are held in Anna's office who else has access to those
keys some clients seem to have access to more than one box is that common? there are seven hundred and
sixty three boxes in the vault but the slides on the first forty three of them are clearly more worn
than the others and although I was only given sight of the last few months records I noticed that no
box numbered higher than forty is listed on the vault access register. is this a coincidence and can
the relationship between the access date and the box number that appears on these recent records really
be a coincidence? I had thought that the chinese characters might encode box numbers but since there
are only nine binary characters on each box lining this would only encode a maximum of five hundred
and twelve different box numbers. is that number significant to the bank in some other way? the most common
entry in the vault register is the name tallmadge. do you have contact details for this person? have
you come across them before? do they have any connection with Anna smith? one final thing, I would like
to bring in a consultant to work with me on this project. his name is Harry and I think his skills will
be useful. I will pay him from the fee you already agreed to pay me, but he is currently staying in my
hotel, and if you agree to add him to the investigation then I would like you to take on his bill. While
i am not yet anxious about Anna's whereabouts I would like to know as soon as she resurfaces and
my queries above are quite urgent and extremely confidential I would be grateful if you could reply at
your very earliest convenience and using a vigenere cipher to ensure secrecy yours jc